the most important advice I can give up
on pumping iron is to never quit even
what it feels like you're literally
falling apart and I always lift with a
partner's because one day not far down
the road it will stop hurting and you'll
have the body that you've always
what's my secret to live in so long
nobody likes pistachio I'm actually lime
Sherman
good idea to rotate your tires every six
to eight thousand miles
oh yes these tires are pretty worn out
this hat looks stupid tell the truth you
look great but we're filming whoops okay
you should never ever ever shoot your
gun sideways even though it looks really
cool that was not cool
Oh
now this is definitely not poison ivy
cherries
the trick to being a good Whistler is to
not force it just relax in let's try
again